Group shutdown_delay (#6746)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/docs/job-specification/group.html.md

  all tasks in this group. If omitted, a default policy exists for each job
  type, which can be found in the [restart stanza documentation][restart].

- `shutdown_delay` `(string: "0s")` - Specifies the duration to wait when

>   killing a groups tasks between removing it from Consul and sending each task

Reviewer: I think this could be clearer? Here's an attempt:

```suggestion
  stopping a group's tasks. The delay occurs between Consul deregistration and sending each task
```

  a shutdown signal. Ideally services would fail healthchecks once they receive
  a shutdown signal. Alternatively `shutdown_delay` may be set to give
  in flight requests time to complete before shutting down. A group level

>   `shutdown_delay` will run regardless if there are any defined group services.

Reviewer: We should also link to the task shutdown delay and reverse link from there to here.

Here something like:

> In addition tasks may have their own [`shutdown_delay`](/404) which waits between deregistering task services and stopping the task.

And on the task side:

> In addition task groups may have their own [`shutdown_delay`](/404) which waits between deregistering group services and stopping tasks.
